APACHE LICENSE, VERSION 2.0

Copyright 2013 Andrew Jo

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


Original License for C++ Version from Ericsson
==============================================
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE REVIEW THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS PRIOR TO USING THE
ERICSSON TEXTURE COMPRESSION CODEC SOFTWARE (THE "SOFTWARE"). THE USE
OF THE SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE
FOLLOWING LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE "LICENSE AGREEMENT"). IF YOU DO NOT
ACCEPT SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS YOU MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.

Under the terms and conditions of the License Agreement, Licensee
hereby, receives a non-exclusive, non transferable, limited, free of
charge, perpetual and worldwide license, to copy, use, distribute and
modify the Software, but only for the purpose of developing,
manufacturing, selling, using and distributing products including the
Software, which products are used for (i) compression and/or
decompression to create content creation tools for usage with a
Khronos API, and/or (ii) compression and/or decompression for the
purpose of usage with a middleware API that is built on top of a
Khronos API, such as JCPs based on a Khronos API (in particular
"Mobile 3D Graphics API for J2ME" and its future versions and "Java
Bindings for OpenGL ES" and its future versions), and/or (iii)
compression and/or decompression to implement a Khronos API.

If Licensee institutes patent litigation against Ericsson or any
licensee of the Software for using the Software for making,
developing, manufacturing, selling, using and/or distributing products
within the scope of the Khronos framework, Ericsson shall have the
right to terminate this License Agreement with immediate
effect. However, should Licensee institute patent litigation against
any other licensee of the Software based on such licenseeÌÅ¶ use of any
other software distributed together with the Software then Ericsson
shall have no right to terminate this License Agreement.

The License Agreement does not transfer to Licensee any ownership to
any Ericsson or third party intellectual property rights.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS". ERICSSON MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OF
ANY KIND, EXTENDS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED; INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK
AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH THE
LICENSEE. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, THE LICENSEE ASSUMES
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. ERICSSON
MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE MANUFACTURE, SALE, DISTRIBUTION, LEASE, USE
OR IMPORTATION UNDER THE LICENSE AGREEMENT WILL BE FREE FROM
INFRINGEMENT OF PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHTS OF OTHERS, AND THE VALIDITY OF THE LICENSE AND THE LICENSE
AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO LICENSEE'S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO MAKE SUCH
DETERMINATION AND ACQUIRE SUCH LICENSES AS MAY BE NECESSARY WITH
RESPECT TO PATENTS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OF THIRD PARTIES.

IN NO EVENT WILL ERICSSON BE LIABLE TO THE LICENSEE FOR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR
LOSSES SUSTAINED BY THE LICENSEE OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE
SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR
OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Licensee acknowledges that "ERICSSON ///" is the corporate trademark
of Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson and that both "Ericsson" and the
figure "///" are important features of the trade names of
Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson. Nothing contained in these terms and
conditions shall be deemed to grant Licensee any right, title or
interest in the word "Ericsson" or the figure "///".

The parties agree that this License Agreement based on these terms and
conditions is governed by the laws of Sweden, and in the event of any
dispute as a result of this License Agreement, the parties submit
themselves to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Swedish Courts.
